our campus is contagious once you come
here you won't want to leave
I just love with you one of the most
important things I believe is the people
you have people here that genuinely care
about your well-being get your bus to
class your struggle with the class get
in to see Mike again and get it fixed
make know what you guys do if you're
struggling somewhere we've got some of
the best people in the business here
affecting you in your family's lives
everyday it's really the best of both
worlds you've got a big city feel with a
college campus atmosphere you have
everything you want in a college setting
every slice is a lot of fun you go up
front of these there are so many fun
things to do on campus
we got on-site campus bowling dance show
step so parties clubs new stuff for
every age group to do night like the
social scene for our young students is
incredible you get a good feel of a
regular life mix for the school night
it's not like going to college in the
middle of nowhere you can get away from
football pretty easy but there's great
energy and unbelievable scenery the
Cathedral of Learning really is the
focal point of the University of
Pittsburgh you catch a basketball game
at the Petersen Events Center or check
out even more ACC sporting events at the
Petersen Sports Complex
Schenley Park is a beautiful place on
campus where our kids really just get
away it's one of the biggest parks in
Pittsburgh I mean they have a lot of
activities where tennis golf a lot of
green just to lay out 10 if you want to
go on a date with a girlfriend it's real
beautiful out there no matter what no
doubt I have a relaxed whole day go get
some ice cream and just do some things
you've never done before
Panther hollows it's a real great
scenery in sightseeing it's awesome
there's a ton of great restaurants
shopping and museums to check out your
lot places to eat you know Forbes and
Oakland anywhere to pick your choice
first of all the academics are some of
the best in the country programs that
you can get involved in here are highly
ranked you got the badges that work what
you want to want you struggling in a
class there that'll help you 100% you
need to come see our campus because it
spectacular